Add Domains.md to describe rules around domain maintainer role (#50)
BitcoinDesign/Meta: Domains.md

# Community domains

This document sets out rules for community domains and the responsibilities and expectations of anyone that maintains and manages the domain settings of official domains used by the Bitcoin Design community. Community domains are used to promote and host content that the community has created and committed to the github.com/bitcoindesign repositories. This currently applies to;

> 

Reviewer: should the semicolons be colons?

Author: Hard to shake my bad grammar habit :)

- bitcoin.design
- bitcoindesigners.org

## The community
The Bitcoin Design community, defined as; 

*“The active members of the Slack workspace at bitcoindesign.slack.com, represented in rough-consensus by the maintainers of the BitcoinDesign Github organization at github.com/bitcoindesign”.*

## Ownership
A community domain shall be considered owned by the Bitcoin Design community.
The role of domain maintainer does not imply any ownership of the domain. 

## Registration and payments
The community will pay for, or solicit donations to pay for the long term registration of the community domain(s). 

> 

Reviewer: perhaps we state the renewal costs for the domains for transparency?

bitcoin.design is $49.88 a year.
bitcoindesigners.org is $12 ("plus tax")

Author: Added.
Once bitcoin.design maintainer is updated we should also update the renewal date, if say we do a 10 year up-front renewal.

# Community domains

This document sets out rules for community domains and the responsibilities and expectations of anyone that maintains and manages the domain settings of official domains used by the Bitcoin Design community. Community domains are used to promote and host content that the community has created and committed to the github.com/bitcoindesign repositories. This currently applies to;

> - bitcoin.design

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- bitcoin.design
- bitcoindesigners.org
```

There is also bitcoindesigners.org which points to the slack signup.

## Ownership
A community domain shall be considered owned by the Bitcoin Design community.
The role of domain maintainer does not imply any ownership of the domain. 

## Registration and payments
The community will pay for, or solicit donations to pay for the long term registration of the community domain(s). 

## Maintainer
A domain maintainer needs to enact the will of the community and should be strongly disincentivized to act in their own interest. They are NOT allowed to change the domain settings in any way without the approval from the community as set out in domain changes. The domain maintainer is selected from the community github maintainers, should be an active contributor at the time of selection and should notify the community if they no longer wish to be a maintainer or are planning to leave their active role in the community.

## Changes
The domain maintainer will not make any changes to the domain (including pointing it to other content than hosted by the github.com/bitcoindesign repositories) without the consent of the community. To make a change, a community github maintainer needs to propose a change;

> - Create a pull request with a clear description and rationale for the change in the bitcoindesign/meta repository.
> - Post a link to the pull request in the #general Slack channel
> - The pull request needs to remain open for at least 30 days and all comments and concern need to be addressed before a decision can me made
> - Decision will be made by rough consensus of the community and the github maintainers
> - The proposing maintainer can participate in the discussion but not resolve the pull request once a decision has been made

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a pull request with a clear description and rationale for the change in the bitcoindesign/meta repository.
2. Post a link to the pull request in the #general Slack channel
3. The pull request needs to remain open for at least 30 days and all comments and concern need to be addressed before a decision can me made
4. Decision will be made by rough consensus of the community and the github maintainers
5. The proposing maintainer can participate in the discussion but should not be the one to merge the pull request once a decision has been made
```

Point 5 was not clear to me - is this interpretation correct?

# Community domains

This document sets out rules for community domains and the responsibilities and expectations of anyone that maintains and manages the domain settings of official domains used by the Bitcoin Design community. Community domains are used to promote and host content that the community has created and committed to the github.com/bitcoindesign repositories. This currently applies to:

- bitcoin.design
- bitcoindesigners.org

> ## The community

Reviewer 3: I am not sure if `Community` is proper term here, though it sounds good, but is it fair to communicate it like this? Perhaps `core contributors` or `maintainers` is more appropriate?

In reality community is not the one making decisions in FOSS. Though we were though that FOSS is participatory and that everyone can participate, not everyone has the influence to make changes. The ones in charge of the decision making are always core-contributors, people who in most cases are responsible for 95% of the code and have way better insight on what's going on.

In my personal view, decisions like this cannot be decided by community nor core contributors represent community.

In reality open-source isn't what we were told to. It's not lalaland where anybody vote counts. Votes that count in the decision making process are determined by meritocracy and that's perfectly fine. Some decisions can be public and read-only but as community grows it'll be hard to make "community" consensus.

Reviewer 3: By the way I don't consider my comment as a blocker to this PR. Just a minor food for thoughts as it may become a blocker in the future.

It's a solid document with great outline. ACK.
